Async Tenant API RMB-754 (#807)
folio-org/raml-module-builder: README.md

    ..
  }
  ..
}
```

But note that as of RMB this should be implemented asynchronously.. meaning that the handler response
should be called early in the process with a location and that the status of the job can be inspected
later with a call to `getTenantByOperationId`.

Extend the `loadData` method, to load sample/reference data for a module.

```
@Validate
@Override
Future<Void> loadData(TenantAttributes attributes, String tenantId, Map<String, String> headers,
  Context verxContext) {

>   Future<Void> future = super.loadData(attributes, tenantId, headers, vertxContext).compose(res -> {
>     return Future...;
>   });

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  return super.loadData(attributes, tenantId, headers, vertxContext).compose(res -> {
    // load data
    return Future...;
  });
}
```

@Validate
@Override
Future<Void> loadData(TenantAttributes attributes, String tenantId, Map<String, String> headers,
  Context verxContext) {

>   Future<Void> future = super.loadData(attributes, tenantId, headers, vertxContext).compose(res -> {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  return super.loadData(attributes, tenantId, headers, vertxContext).compose(res -> {
```

    TenantLoading tl = new TenantLoading();
    // two sets of reference data files
    // resources ref-data/data1 and ref-data/data2 .. loaded to
    // okapi-url/instances and okapi-url/items respectively
    Promise<Void> promise = Promise.promise();
    tl.withKey("loadReference").withLead("ref-data")
      .withIdContent()
      .add("data1", "instances")
      .add("data2", "items");
    tl.perform(tenantAttributes, headers, vertx, res1 -> {
      if (res1.failed()) {
        promise.fail(res1.cause().getMessage());
        return;
      }
      promise.complete(); // OK
    });

>     return promise.future();

Reviewer: More concise when using Future.future(promise -> ...):
```
    return Future.future(promise -> tl.perform(tenantAttributes, headers, vertx, promise)
        .mapEmpty();
```

Author: Doesn't work for me.. Is this correct?

```
   Promise<Integer> promise = Promise.promise();
   tl.perform(attributes, headers, vertx, promise);
   return promise.future().mapEmpty();
```

How can that be turned into a one-liner?

Reviewer: Yes, done.

##### Posting information

Posting a new tenant must include a body. The body should contain a JSON
conforming to the
[tenantAttributes](https://github.com/folio-org/raml/blob/master/schemas/tenantAttributes.schema)

> schema. The `module_to` entry is optional, indicating the version module for
> this tenant. If `module_to` is omitted, module is disabled for the tenant. The
> `module_from` entry is optional and indicates an upgrade for the tenant to a
> new module version or disable if `module_to` is omitted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
schema.

To enable a new module indicate the version module in `module_to` and omit `module_from`.
To upgrade a module indicate the existing version module in `module_from` and the new version module in `module_to`.
To disable a module indicate the existing version module in `module_from` and omit `module_to`.
```
